hello everybody open to the video don't
forget to like this video and subscribe
to my channel for more wow news and
coverage from blizzcon and game-playing
tons of stuff so when to give you guys a
little short first impressions of the
new wow expansion warlords of draenor
it's very interesting and i will tell
you there's a huge nostalgic factor for
me seeing those kind of Outland assets
and designed it's a little bit more
grounded in the sense that it's what
we've seen is not super crazy outer
space stuff but it does remind me a lot
of Outland and when i first start
playing the game so for me this is a
huge nostalgic factor and i can't wait
to get my hands on and start playing it
other than that there was a whole bunch
of new features like the new play the
new character models new so it looks
really cool they didn't say a new race
they didn't say a new class so I don't
think we're gonna have any of that it is
10 whole levels I mean you have to
understand too there's no new races
because they updated all of our race
models all of our character models are
redone so you know that's where the time
went in instead of creating a whole new
race but I will say it looks really cool
didn't really say much in terms of new
features i mean it's it's 10 levels
which hasn't been done since northrend
there was also there was something that
said boost to 90 and play right away I
don't know they haven't said anything
about that yet because they're going to
have a world of warcraft what's next
panel coming up in a few minutes and i
will of course cover that right notes
down and make a bunch of short videos
letting you guys know some some more
info but that was the one thing that
struck me as pretty incredible you know
one thing that's also interesting is
build an upgrade your your garrison I'm
assuming it's kind of a kind of like the
farm sort of deal so that's really cool
uh yeah I mean like I said there wasn't
much announced nothing I'm not excited
but I'm hoping that a lot of the stuff
that usually try to sell you with an
expansion like a you know new ma you
know Newton just gimmicky stuff that
they don't have this
time which is good because I feel like
they can just dumped tons of content in
for the leveling and for the raids and I
know there's going to be a whole lot
more than what we know they haven't
announced the item squish yet i'm
assuming they will announce that in the
the panel that's coming up shortly I'm
so far really pumped about it I can't
wait to play and get back into the into
playing on you know Draenor I know we
had outland I know drain Ornelas kind of
no no anyway that's off right now guys
thank you very much for watching and I
hope you guys are enjoying the blizzcon
coverage and okay bye